add simple descriptions in demo page (#6)
jenkinsci/jfr-action-doc: docs/user-guide/demo.md

nav_order: 7
---

# Demos about how to use these actions
The [Demo project](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jfr-action-demo) can teach you how to use these actions.

## Language Demos

The following demos define the best practice of compiling your projects by using Jenkinsfile-runner Actions.

> After inspiration of these demos, you can choose the most suitable actions for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After going through these demos to get inspiration, you can choose the most suitable actions for your project.
```

* [Java demo](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jfr-action-demo/blob/master/demo/java): How to compile a Java Spring Boot project.
* [JavaScript demo](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jfr-action-demo/blob/master/demo/javascript/my-react-app): How to compile a React project.
* [Scala demo](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jfr-action-demo/blob/master/demo/scala/scalaexample): How to compile a Scala project.

## Advanced Usage

The following examples show how to configure your ephemeral Jenkins instances and plugins.

> Each of them needs to set up [JCasC](https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of them needs [JCasC](https://github.com/jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin) to be set up.
```
